# Packing Planner
Isn't it stressful when you are trying to pack for a trip that you are going on? You're not sure what you need to bring with you, and definitely don't want to forget anything important. Well we have created a web site that will help you with just that! Go through each step, answering questions starting with the climate of your destination moving on to the activities that you may be participating in while you are there. Once you have gone through and answered each question, we will give oyou a final list of suggested items that you may want to bring with you. Look through and uncheck the items you decide aren't going to be neccessary, click on the last button and TAH-DAH! Now you have your final list of items that you'll need to start packing up. Don't worry though, if there items that you don't see on the list, we have given you the option too manually add your own to make it complete. As you pack your suit case, check off item by item and it will cross it off automatically for you! Our objective is to help you stay organized and keeping that sweat dry from your forehead, not worrying about if you forgot anything. We hope you have a relaxed and stress free vacation! 
# Problem Domain
When people are going on vacation they tend to forget thiings when packing or they aren't sure what they need to pack. This website helps solve that problem. We suggest items that you may need to bring with you no matter where you are going, then as you answer the questions we add on more suggested items based on your answers. For example there will be an auto start suggestion list, and suggestion list that is based off of the climate they will be visiting, and then last a suggested list that relates to the activity(s) they selected. Their final suggested list will appear and then we give them the chance to uncheck anything they don't wish to bring with them. Once that has been done they will be brought to the final page with everthing they will be packing up to bring with them. They will also be able to add in their own items that aren't already listed. While packing, they will be able to click on the boxes located next to that specific item and it will be automatically crossed off.
# Inspirational webpages used to help
slide show carousel for the home page- help from https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_slideshow.asp
Fancy checkboxes for the lists - https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_custom_checkbox.asp
# Developers involved
* Andrew Quamme
* Jared Pattison
* Siobhan Niess
* Harris Richardson